    Vox: "Hello to everyone here in the audience and at home in front of their television, and welcome to this election year's presidential debate! I'll be the moderator for this debate, making sure everything goes smoothly for our two candidates in the running. Speaking of which, I'd like to introduce you to our first candidate, Will Moby!"

    Moby: "Hello everyone, I am Will Moby, and it's great to be here living in this wonderful nation. This wonderful country known as Texas! And I for one can't wait to pave the way for an even brighter future! As a proud member of the political party you all love called the Aheko's Anarchy party. I can't wait to make Texas a better place for all of our citizens when i become president!"

    Star: "Don't you mean if you become president" Last I checked, ther were some Aheko's anarchy party members that recently got into hot water."

    Moby: "Oh that's rich coming from you, Smith Star. Last I checked, you were the one that was behind the whole Keir Starmer Election incident last month!"

    Star: "That is slander! A proud Star would never be involved with such a thing! So to say I, Smith Star, am involved with the Keir Starmer Election scandal is disrespectful to my family name!"

    Moby: "Well you disrespected my Aheko's Anarchy party friends like you always do you buffoon!"

    Vox: "Can you both please settle down!"

    Moby: (to Vox) "No! We're in a heated discussion"

    Star: "Because they're a bunch of idiots, like you were to me back then!"

    Vox: "Well then save it for the debate, please."

    Moby: "This is exactly what we are doing-" (turns back to Star) "Sorry? Back then? We had a good thing going back then but no! You just had to blow up on me. And you... You, and your pride and your ego. You just had to be the man!"

    Star: "La la la! whatever..."

    Vox: "Shut up! You're both acting childish! My job is to oversee the a presidential debate, and not two old men who act like children! I would do anything to have some alien come down, then blast you two into orbit right now!"

A whirling sound is heard from above

    Vox: "Wait... Did you two hear that?"

    Moby: "No." (turns to Star) "Did you?"

    Vox: "But I did, and it sounded otherworldly. Almost like-"

The ceiling collapses and an alien drops down

    Vox: "An alien!"

    Alien: "Moan to the people of planet berth, and citizens of Texas."

    Vox: "Invisible aliens?!"

    Moby: "I can hear him, but i cannot see him! what do we do?"

The alien became visible

    Alien: "I hail from the planet Craig's Maid Cafe, home of the lynxoniens, and I demand you take me to your leader!"

    Vox: "That's actually a tricky request to grant the lynxoniens sir. We were still in the middle of deciding that before you invaded!"

    Moby and Star in unison: "Who cares about that? it might as well be me. No, I said it might as well be me first idiot! Stop copying me [Smithy / Willy]"

    Alien: "Can we... Can we just get this over with? It seems I have a dilemma of sorts on my hands. You both claim to be the leader, yet try to discredit the other. Thanks to my hyper intelligent brain that's the size of Aheko's ego, I can deduct that you both can't be the leader. And for that, this goes away." (teleports brief case away) "One of you is lying to me, and the other is Texas's true leader. Hell yeah, cowboy. If none of you speak up then I'll be forced to use my Craig's fucking cum jam ray!"

    Moby: "Oh my god, please no. No. No! Who expanded on the product like that?"

    Alien: "Aliens encounter many things."

    Vox: "Your Craig's fucking cum fucking jam ray?"

    Alien: "Yes, my Craig's fucking cum jam ray."

    Moby: "I don't like where this is going"

    Alien: "It fires a highly concentrated beam of Craig's fucking cum jam... Craig's fucking cu-... Craig's fucking cum fucking jam, instantly rearranging the cellular structure of whatever it hits."

    Moby: "You know, I was about to shout out 'Come on, spit it out!'"

    Vox: "You use it to turn people into Craig's fucking cum fucking jam? You're a monster! Don't you have heart?"

    Alien: "Of course not! We the lynxoniens lack it in our biology, for our superior Aheko's-ego-sized  brains let us survive through pure moan energy alone."

    Moby: "Moan energy?"

The alien begins to moan

    Moby: "Oh god! Please, no!"

    Star: "Don't... Don't worry everyone, this alien is most definitely bluffing!"

    Moby: "Yeah..."

    Star: "Our proud home Texas has nothing to fear! Despite all of the things this nation has faced, including the recent OPPS disaster, we'll pull through!"

    Moby: "For once I have to agree with you, Smithy. Texas will stand string against this threat! With the might of the biggest of Aheko's ego, Texas will stand!"

    Vox: "What are you two trying to do? Surrender!"

    Moby: "No! We gotta kick his ass!"

    Alien: "If you wish for proof, then a demonstration you shall receive. Moan and goodbye citizens of Texas. Prepare to be turned into Craig's fucking cum fucking jam, Miss Poppet."

Miss Poppet gets shot by the Craig's fucking cum fucking jam ray and dies

    Star: "Woah, that Miss Poppet fella just exploded into Craig's fucking cum fucking jam!"

    Moby: "That was so rad!"

    Star: "I know, right Willy?"

    Vox: "No it isn't 'rad'! Miss Poppet was the one who funded our damn debate building!"

    Moby: "Oh no!"

    Star: "So none of us get to become president of Texas now?"

    Alien: "Wait. Boh of you arn't the leader of Texas?"

    Moby: "Not yet."

    Vox: "I told you earlier we were still deciding that. You must have not heard me when i said it earlier."

    Moby: "Man, this is awkward. Looks like we really messed up this time. Aye Smithy?"

    Star: "Worse than when we broke up from being each other's pookie bear babygirl."

    Vox: "You two were what?!"

    Moby: "Well, of course we were! Why do you think I was calling him Smithy instead of Smith?"

    Star: "Why do you think I was calling him Willy instead of Will?"

    Moby: "Great minds."

    Alien: "This revelation of you two being pookie bear babygirls is of little concern to me. Since both of you Moans are not Texas's leader, I'll have to settle with the person who is the most intelligent in this room."

    Vox: "And who would that be?"

    Moby and Star in unison: "It would be me!"

    Alien: "By process of elimination, you moderator."

    Moby: "Oh... For a moment, I thought you were going to say your mother."

    Alien: "You wish."

    Vox: "Flattered to be considered the leader, but what are you going to do to me?"

    Alien: "Turn you into Craig's fucking cum fucking jam."

    Vox: "Anything but Craig's fucking cum fucking jam!"

    Alien: "Target acquired."

Vox gets shot by the Craig's fucking cum fucking jam ray and dies

    Alien: "Finally. I've completed my mission for the lynxoniens kind and eliminated the closest thing to a leader for Texas. All of my Aheko's-ego-brained friends will be very pleased when I return to Craig's Maid Cafe."

    Moby: "Huh?"

    Star: "Wait, before you go moan alien! Why go through all the effort to kill our leader, only to then suddenly leave?"

    Moby: "Yeah, it doesn't make any sense. Just like a dude who thinks they can lift Aheko's ego with just their tongue!"

    Star: "I could, but please continue. Tell us why!"

    Alien: "For the glory of the Aheko's Anarchy party!"

The alien teleports away

    Moby: "Oh...Huh... Okay?"

    Star: "They're gone now."

    Moby: "Yeah."

    Star: "So you wanna be my pookie bear babygirl again and have the sex?"

    Moby: "The sex with my pookie bear babygirl? Yippee!"